README.md, before:

**Intro**    
An automatic image restoration tool based on AgenticIR (https://github.com/Kaiwen-Zhu/AgenticIR) and CLIP4CIR (https://github.com/ABaldrati/CLIP4Cir/tree/master). 

We use CLIP4CIR to extract embeddings and degradation sequences of low-quality images, then store them to PostgreSQL for retrieval when new low-quality images come. Therefore, the processing time will be considerably shortened.

**AgenticIR**:   
1. Dockerfile can generate environment for the models called in AgenticIR and CLIP4CIR. You can use "conda env list" to check them.
2. Run "sh synthesize.sh" to generate synthesized low-quality data.
3. Run "python -m pipeline.infer" to generate restoration results and saved in output. One can first use evaluate_degradation_by="depictqa" to generate initial outputs. After saving enough knowledge in Step 4, one can use evaluate_degradation_by="clip_retrieval" for efficienty.
4. Refer to AgenticIR/retrieval_database/CLIP4CIR/run_pipeline.sh to train the model for image quality classification and insert history knowledge to PostgreSQL.

**AgentApp**:   
1. Use LangGraph to reproduce the functionality of AgenticIR, making it easier to manage the pipeline. To add new tools, one can easily define new nodes and link edges to existing nodes in the graph. Run 'run.sh' to test inference.  
3. Service enabled by FastAPI, run 'test_api.sh' to test.

**To-dos**:   
1. Change model inference to service request.
2. Inference acceleration.
3. Provide option for Kubernetes deployment, and use MPS or Time-Slicing to improve GPUs utilization.  

![image](https://github.com/blackbean001/Auto-Image-Restoration/blob/main/pngs/pipeline.png)

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and usage details
Updated README to clarify the purpose of the repo and usage instructions.

README.md, after:

**Intro**    
1. This repo contains a restoration agent system for images with mixed degradation.
2. The repo is inspired by AgenticIR (https://github.com/Kaiwen-Zhu/AgenticIR). We try to accelerate the restoration process by using CLIP4CIR (https://github.com/ABaldrati/CLIP4Cir/tree/master) to find similar images in the database. 

**AgenticIR**:   
1. Run "docker build ." to create environment. One can use "conda env list" to check env for different models.
2. Run "sh synthesize.sh" to generate synthesized low-quality data (to train CLIP4CIR).
3. Run "python -m pipeline.infer" to generate restoration results and saved in output. One can first use evaluate_degradation_by="depictqa" to generate initial outputs. After saving enough knowledge in Step 4, one can use evaluate_degradation_by="clip_retrieval" for efficienty.
4. Refer to AgenticIR/retrieval_database/CLIP4CIR/run_pipeline.sh to train the model for image quality classification and insert history knowledge to PostgreSQL.

**AgentApp**:   
1. Use LangGraph to reproduce the functionality of AgenticIR, making it easier to manage the pipeline. To add new tools, one can easily define new nodes and link edges to existing nodes in the graph. Run 'run.sh' to test inference.  
3. Service enabled by FastAPI, run 'test_api.sh' to test.

**To-dos**:   
1. Change model inference to service request.
2. Inference acceleration.
3. Provide option for Kubernetes deployment, and use MPS or Time-Slicing to improve GPUs utilization.  

![image](https://github.com/blackbean001/Auto-Image-Restoration/blob/main/pngs/pipeline.png)
